# Release 1 Submission Documents

The supporting release 1 documents can be found in the Release_1_docs folder

## Main files with code

The major HTML templates are properties.html, property.html and search.html. These can be found in the following directories in the “master” branch of our git repository:

1. Properties.html
property_management/properties/templates/properties/properties.html

2. Property.html
property_management/properties/templates/properties/property.html

3. Search.html
property_management/properties/templates/search/indexes/search.html


CSS has been mostly automatically generated by using bootstrap though hand coded CSS can be found at the very end of the bootstrap.css file.

4. bootstrap.css
property_management/properties/static/properties/css/bootstrap.css


Our other major files include the database table fields file models.py and our tests.py used for automated testing.
 
5. models.py
property_management/properties/models.py

6. tests.py
property_management/properties/tests.py

Many of the other files contain code that was created by the team though are not listed due to there being many minor files.

## System architecture

The system architecture revolves around Django model views with SQLite being used for the database. The Django framework ensures that we are efficient and can deliver as much business value in our product to the client in a shorter amount of time.


## Acceptance testing and test automation tools

The testing platform involves the use of the Selenium testing framework. Automated testing is deployed through the Travis Continuous Integration platform. 

The system is set up in Github so that the team pushes changes to the “master” branch. When the all changes to the master branch have been validated by a team member, the master is merged with a “production” branch. The production branch is then pulled from by Heroku (our public hosting platform) when all automated tests have passed.


## Principles of scrum

The team has adhered to the principles of scrum by creating a set of user stories, planning sprints and released based around these user stories and delivering the user stories. Regular meetings were held on Fridays from 10AM and 15mins before the 2PM workshop on Wednesday.


## Team skills

The team consists of 1 IS student and 4 CS students. We have all collectively utilized our skills and applied them to the project. The following outlines the main contributions each member has put towards the project:

Ahmed is our IS student and was responsible for the layout and design of the website’s visual elements.

Jordan is a CS student who was responsible for setting up the backend architecture and the automated testing.

Allan, Brenden and Brennan are CS students responsible for linking the backend systems with the front end HTML.

Team members were not limited to just the stated tasks though. The team members have had some form of input in areas outside their main skill area.



## Velocity and sprint charts

Our sprint charts are attached in a separate document containing comments related to each burn down chart.

We had some Jira related issues so our committed story points for our first and second sprints are incorrectly showing as 60 in total for each. Jira is accurately listing that we had completed 28 story points for sprint 1 and 30 story points for sprint 2. Our original sprint plans were for 28 story points in sprint 1 and 30 story points in sprint 2. You can view our release plans to see this. This means we have completed all user stories planned for sprint 1 and sprint 2, it is simply not correctly showing in Jira due to some issues with learning how to use the system.

We have attempted to keep the sprint and velocity charts up to date but issues with using Jira have hindered our ability to accurately do so. We have learned how to correct the issue and will apply this to our future sprints.


## Delivery of user stories

All of our planned user stories for release 1 have been successfully delivered. Sprint 1 contained 28 story points worth of user stories and sprint 2 contained 30 story points worth of user stories.



